Add NixOS Flake (#26)
TamtamHero/fw-fanctrl: README.md

# Install

> **This discripes how to install fw-fanctrl on every distro that is not NixOS! If you want to use it on NixOS show [here](#nixos)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This discribes how to install fw-fanctrl on every distro that is not NixOS! If you want to use it on NixOS, use [these](#nixos) instructions**
```

| --pause           | configure       | temporarily disable the service |
| --resume          | configure       | resume the service              |

> # NixOS

Author: Yes and no.
Most flakes are standalone Git Repositorys or on [FlakeHub](https://flakehub.com/) (for exmple [my Flake](https://flakehub.com/flake/Svenum/Solaar-Flake)).
Flake Hub would be the next step (my opinion), because you need an FlakeHub Account and another GitHub Action.
The Repo you pointed to could be targeted, but I try to get my Solaar-Flake there since Sep 2023...

In addition you could try to add this to the main nixos/nixpkgs repo, but there we would not be able to change thinks as quickly as with an own flake.

> # NixOS

Reviewer 2: I see, thanks for the clarification
